feat: add license discussion to Q&A (#772)
ansys/pyansys-geometry: doc/source/getting_started/faq.rst

You can use PyAnsys libraries within a Python environment of your choice
in conjunction with external Python libraries.

What Ansys license do I need to run the Geometry service?
---------------------------------------------------------

.. note::

>    Answered in https://github.com/ansys/pyansys-geometry/discussions/754

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This question is answered in https://github.com/ansys/pyansys-geometry/discussions/754.
```
This suggestion assumes that is to be part of the doc. We want to use a complete sentence.

The Ansys Geometry service is a headless service developed on top of the

> modelling libraries underneath Discovery and SpaceClaim.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
modeling libraries underneath Discovery and SpaceClaim.
```
The American English preferred spelling is modeling. Could we replace "underneath" with "for"? Having both "on top of" and "underneath" in this one sentence seems to complicate it!

Author: Sure, let me do that!

> Both in its standalone and dockerized versions, the Ansys Geometry Service
> requires a **Discovery Modeling** license to run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both in its standalone and Docker versions, the Ansys Geometry service
requires a **Discovery Modeling** license to run.
```
I prefer "standalone" as one word, and that is what the wordlist for Google dev doc style guide specifies. (However, a recent Ansys Yammer Grammar posts says that the Ansys style is to hyphenate it. Do we ignore that Ansys post?

Author: I prefer the one-word version as well. Let's ignore it for now. It would have to be modified in many other places

> In order to run PyAnsys Geometry against other backends, such as Discovery
> or SpaceClaim, users will need an Ansys license that allows them to run these
> Ansys products.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run PyAnsys Geometry against other backends, such as Discovery
or SpaceClaim, users must have an Ansys license that allows them to run these
Ansys products.
```
Eliminate unnecessary words and use present tense.

> The **Discovery Modeling** license is one of these licenses, but there are others
> such as the Ansys Mechanical Enterprise license that would also allow users to run
> these Ansys products. However, the Geometry service is not compatible with any other
> license.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Discovery Modeling** license is one of these licenses, but there are others,
such as the Ansys Mechanical Enterprise license, that also allow users to run
these Ansys products. However, the Geometry service is not compatible with any other
license.
```
Should "Ansys Mechanical Enterprise** be bolded as a proper license name--like **Discovery Modeling** licesnse?

Author: I'd avoid making it bold. My intention is that users that read diagonbally would at least catch that only the **Discovery Modeling** license is compatible with the Ansys Geometry service - which is the title of the question. It was done on purpose =)
